DOCS-2046: Update install and agent docs (#3243)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/installation/_index.md

   Click **View setup instructions** to open the setup instructions.

1. Select your system's operating system and **RDK** as your RDK type.

1. Select your preferred installation method:

   - `manual`: installs only `viam-server` on your machine.
   - `viam-agent`: installs viam-agent, which will automatically install (or update) viam-server **and** provide additional functionality such as [provisioning](/fleet/provision/) and operating system update configuration.

>    - installs [`viam-agent`](/configure/agent/) which provisions a machine as it first comes online with a pre-defined configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Duplicate line it seems.

1. Follow the steps shown on your machine.

1. Once you have followed the steps on the setup instructions, wait for confirmation that your machine has successfully connected.

   On your machine's page on [the Viam app](https://app.viam.com), your machine will show that it's **Live**.

{{< alert title="Linux: Automatic startup" color="note" >}}

> On manual Linux installs, `viam-server` will start automatically when your system boots.
> You can [change this behavior](/installation/manage-viam-server/) if desired.

Author: ```suggestion
On Linux installs, by default `viam-server` or `viam-agent` and `viam-server` will start automatically when your system boots.
You can change this behavior if desired.
If you installed `viam-server` manually see [Manage `viam-server`](/installation/manage-viam-server/). 
If you installed `viam-server` through `viam-agent` see [Manage `viam-agent`](/installation/manage-viam-agent/). 
```

> {{< /alert >}}

Reviewer: This happens for agent too, just how you manage it is slightly different (e.g. it's the viam-agent service, instead of the viam-server service.)
